Procedure formatting fixed (#1512)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/tshoot-hostname-rename.adoc

    If the server is not using the new hostname, the script fails.
    Be aware that this script refreshes the pillar data for all Salt minion: the time it takes to run depends on the number of registered Salt systems.
. Re-configure your clients to make your environment aware of the new hostname and IP address.

>     In the Salt minion configuration file [path]``/etc/salt/minion``, you must make sure to specify the name of the new Salt master ({productname} Server):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the Salt minion configuration file [path]``/etc/salt/minion``, you must specify the name of the new Salt master ({productname} Server):
```

+
----
master: <new_hostname>
----

> +
> . Once this is changed, restart the [literal]``salt-minion` process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

. Restart the [literal]``salt-minion`` process:
```
If this rightly now is a step of its own, the `+` connector isn't needed.
And we we can drop the verbose intro or recap of the previous step ("Once this is...").

+
----
systemctl restart salt-minion
----

> +
> . In order to fully propagate the hostname to the minion configuration (in the repositories URL for instance) apply the high state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

. To fully propagate the hostname to the minion configuration apply the high state.
  Applying the high state will update the hostname in the repository URLs.
```
Try to avoid parens `;)`
